samples: matter: rework PM static partitions for nRF54L (#15340)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/matter/template/README.rst

.. matter_template_nrf54l15_build_with_dfu_start

> Similarly to other supported platforms, the Device Firmware Upgrade (DFU) for the nRF54L15 PDK is supported in a configuration that stores the upgraded image in the external FLASH memory.

Reviewer: TBH I would remove this `matter_template_nrf54l15_build_with_dfu` section. It was added to explain that only release configuration supports it and it uses some new MRAM type of memory. Now this section does not differ from any other platform, it is just supported with external flash for both configurations, so maybe there is no point to describe it separately.

Author: Yes, that's probably a good idea. @wiba-nordic any comment on that?

Reviewer 2: Yes, I agree, we can remove this section since it was a kind of workaround for the Devtag release.

Reviewer 2: Remember to remove a link to this section from other samples.

The support for Matter OTA DFU with this configuration is enabled by default for both ``debug`` and ``release`` nRF54L15 PDK build variants.

If you want to build the sample with support for both Matter OTA DFU and Bluetooth® SMP, use the following command:

.. code-block:: console

    west build -b nrf54l15pdk_nrf54l15_cpuapp -- -DCONFIG_CHIP_DFU_OVER_BT_SMP=y

.. matter_template_nrf54l15_build_with_dfu_end

Additionally, in this sample the Device Firmware Upgrade (DFU) for the nRF54L15 PDK can also be configured to use the internal MRAM for storage solely.
This means that both the currently running firmware and the new firmware to be updated will be stored within the device's internal flash memory.

> This configuration is only available for the ``release`` build variant.

Author: Maybe better not to jinx :)

> The following is an example command to build the sample with support for Matter OTA DFU and DFU over Bluetooth® SMP using internal MRAM only:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following is an example command to build the sample on the nRF54L15 PDK with support for Matter OTA DFU and DFU over Bluetooth® SMP, and using internal MRAM only:
```

.. code-block:: console

>     west build -b nrf54l15pdk_nrf54l15_cpuapp -- -DCONF_FILE=prj_release.conf -DCONFIG_CHIP_DFU_OVER_BT_SMP=y -DPM_STATIC_YML_FILE=pm_static_nrf54l15pdk_nrf54l15_cpuapp_internal.yml -Dmcuboot_EXTRA_CONF_FILE=<absolute_path_to_the_template_sample>/child_image/mcuboot/boards/nrf54l15pdk_nrf54l15_cpuapp_release_internal.conf -Dmcuboot_EXTRA_DTC_OVERLAY_FILE=<absolute_path_to_the_template_sample>/child_image/mcuboot/boards/nrf54l15pdk_nrf54l15_cpuapp_release_internal.overlay

Reviewer 2: We can do it as a follow-up, but it seems that it may be a snippet.

Author: This was my initial idea :) but snippets don't support child images and partition manager as far as I know. This is pure Zephyr feature while child images and PM are Nordic specific. Snippet simplementation just recognize neither `mcuboot_` prefixed symbols nor PM_STATIC_YML_FILE.

> Note that in this case, the size of the application partition is 2 times smaller than when using a configuration with external FLASH memory support.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that in this case, the size of the application partition is half of what it would be when using a configuration with external flash memory support.
```
